Titile: Suspiro Ala Limeña

Introduction: The Suspiro de Lima, also known as Suspiro Lima or Suspiro a la Limaña, is a traditional dessert of Peruvian gastronomy having its origin in the Peruvian capital. This soft and sweet dessert was given its name by José Gálvez Barrenechea, a Peruvian writer and poet.

Main Body: The legend of this dessert begins with Amparo Ayarza, wife of the poet José Gálvez Barrenechea, who devised the recipe. The poet baptizes the dessert because it is soft and sweet like a woman's sigh, that's how it is known as the Lima woman's sigh. In Peru, we know two versions of the white manjar were the white manjar made with milk, sugar and rice flour and the other majar made only with milk, sugar and vanilla, from which the suspiro de Lima was born. The other component of Suspiro de Limeña is the merengue, a dessert also brought to Peru by the Spanish. It is known as Suspiro to a dessert made from meringue, from which the origin of the name is understood by giving the traditional sigh a little originality. This dessert is consumed mainly in the city of Lima and in the other cities of Peru and certain neighboring countries. In recent years, due to the internationalization of Peruvian cuisine, the consumption of dessert has been spreading to other countries in the world where Peruvians have emigrated and restaurants open.

Picture Link: (https://www.google.com/search?q=suspiro+ala+lime%C3%B1a+historia&rlz=1C5CHFA_enPE863PE863&sxsrf=ALeKk03Mn34Arf2FhrwvwCyMnd3jvze62Q:1602638216825&source=lnms&tbm=isch&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwii1vfM9LLsAhUKT6wKHRXyAL4Q_AUoAXoECAgQAw&biw=1660&bih=896#imgrc=CGCP5i5cUvD6KM)